chore: deprecate old `spec.devMode` syntax in action configs (#7018)
garden-io/garden: docs/guides/deprecations.md

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE BELOW - AUTO-GENERATED -->
<!-- This section is auto-generated by `npm run generate-docs`. Any changes above these comments will be preserved. Make changes to deprecations in `deprecations.ts`. -->

# Old configuration syntax

<h2 id="devmode">Using <code>spec.devMode</code> configuration field in actions</h2>

Please use `spec.sync` configuration field instead.

> The old fields `spec.devMode` are automatically converted to `spec.sync` in Garden 0.14. But that behaviour will be removed in tne next Garden major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old fields `spec.devMode` are automatically converted to `spec.sync` in Garden 0.14 when using `apiVersion: garden.io/v2` in the project-level configuration.
```
